---
icon: material/license
---

!!! heart "Let's keep it simple, short and fair"

Pyaket is free to use for any project under [Open Source Initiative Approved Licenses](https://opensource.org/licenses) that shares fully featured releases at no cost (Free Projects). Similar to compilers and other tools, it does not require your project to also be AGPLv3 licensed to use it, except for changes to the code itself.

- No strings attached, we're both free and open source software for the cause or altruism!
- Share the word by linking or attributing the project if it helped you out 🚀

Commercial use, including but not limited to selling executables, for-profit deployments, bundling proprietary software, internal use without distribution requires a [sponsorship](https://github.com/sponsors/Tremeschin) tier. You may freely evaluate the viability beforehand, or use it to get started[^get-started] under a limited budget or uncertainty. Subscriptions are recommended for continuous long-term support by sharing a tiny fraction of the revenue, so both sides can grow. [Get in touch](site:about/contact) for custom agreements, questions, discounts, grants, features you'd need to make it work for you, or anything else really.

[^get-started]: While entry tiers are affordable, you may choose to sponsor later, using only the revenue generated by your project.

- To make it extra fair, I'll split the revenue with the most important dependencies and libraries that pyaket wouldn't be possible without • see the [credits](site:about/credits) page for more details.

The code is licensed under the [**AGPLv3**](https://www.tldrlegal.com/license/gnu-affero-general-public-license-v3-agpl-3-0) terms - a strong copyleft license to ensure it remains **free and open source** for all users. Contributions rights are transferred to the project authors[^cla].

[^cla]: With enough stable support, I plan on transferring Pyaket to a permissive license in the future. Such feat would be hard to coordinate with contributors holding copyrights on the codebase - I will **not** make the project proprietary.

:material-arrow-right: This was a rough decision to open-source it at all. I have no intent to limit or restrict the use of my work, but it must be sustainable and target the businesses that shall profit a lot from it.
